[Music]
hey guys it's Riley welcome back to my
channel so for today's video I'm going
to be packing for vacation
so my family and a couple of our friends
are going to the beach tomorrow so I've
got my suitcase here this is just an
Olympia suitcase don't worry I will
absolutely be able to fill this thing
let's get started
I've got this huge thing of clothes here
that I'm just gonna go through its kind
of just my laundry I'm just going to
grab my clothes and then just kind of
talk to you about the beach my family
along with two more other family friends
have gone to beach house for almost this
would be the fourth year we usually go
to the same like area and Hilton Head
South Carolina the beach house this time
is so beautiful so a lot of these
clothes I have altered in some way and
usually only wear shorter shorts at the
beach I like to say you know around
middle of the leg to like above the
knees these okay I'm so proud of these I
altered these myself I altered it all
the way down the back and you can see
the seam in here and the shorts and I
altered the bottom I'm just really proud
of them I'm so excited to wear these so
guys today was also the last day of
school which was super fun I love the
last day of school it's Friday the 17th
and we are leaving tomorrow so Saturday
and then we'll get there in the
afternoon sometimes because South
Carolina is about nine hours in I think
I over pack so much I literally don't
know when to stop
I'm going through this huge bed just
like pulling out the clothes and I've
literally not even made dent there's
like like this entire thing just I
already have like half half a suitcase
filled up these are some super comfy
workout shorts that are from Target we
are going to drift shopping and they
have such an awesome goodwill like super
close to where we go and I've gotten
actually quite a few things from there
so I'm super excited I'm going to making
a thrifting video also
like my clothes are black I'm looking at
this I should get some more colored
clothing also I'll go ahead and tell you
what I'm wearing right now because I
love I love what I'm wearing right now
I'm wearing these black leggings from
the Athletics and then I'm wearing this
Monkey Island it's got like this it's
like a monkey captain right there it's
kind of kind of weird but it looks guys
I'm just gonna say it I feel so cool
when I wearing it um it's from PacSun
but it's kinda like the brandy melville
vibe I've never even been in a brandy
melville story they don't have them
anywhere near here but I was kind of
like I would looked at the price of this
and I was like I like I know I'll
literally wear all the time I've pretty
much worn it every single day since I
bought it so I'll get some good news out
of it I think I've decided that I would
rather buy more expensive clothes that
I'm gonna wear all the time then like
cheap clothes that aren't gonna last for
very long and they aren't even that cute
so I think that's the conclusion I've
come to I just feel like I should just
like also these are some leggings that I
would wear under my skirts at school and
it has living the biggest hole in the
butt but I was really skirts is fine but
you know I get home and then I just like
want to walk around in just the leggings
and then I realized I turn on I'm like
well there I pink underwear sticking out
my teachers watch this my video we've
gone this is the sweatshirt
I'll it or wear every single day it's a
Nike sweatshirt my friend gave me guys I
really need some more some new clothes I
swear all almost all my clothes I've had
since I was like 10 one of my goals for
when I'm at the beach is waking up at
sunset and going for a run I hate
running honestly but I think it would
just be so pretty at least to get out
and like go oh I hate this about my past
experiences at the beach
I feel like when you're young you don't
really take time to appreciate or like
really take advantage of where you are
or what you're doing so that's something
that I really want to do this year is
coming from tissue so anyway I want to
wake up around like 7:00 or 8:00 in the
morning and just take full advantage of
my day and not sleep in because I'm not
gonna be at the beach every single day
in the summer like I need to take
advantage of this week and have a fun
time but also like relax but also you
know I can get up get my bathing suit on
go to the beach and lay out in the Sun
taking out there like that's taking an
advantage of doing so another thing that
we do when we're at the beach is that we
rent a bunch of bikes and then we just
have bikes and ride bikes all over the
island which is gonna be so fun and
thinking about all the cute pictures I'm
gonna get - I'm so excited guys this is
the first year that I'll actually be a
youtuber and then be at the beach which
i think is gonna make me appreciate it
work is like the beautiful scenery and
everything
another thing is kids summer is coming
up and I'm gonna tell you right now wear
sunscreen because my family went on a
cruise last year we were in st. Thomas
and it was super sunny outside and
someone told me that cuz you're closer
to the Sun that it's easier for you to
get burned
I put sunscreen on but there wasn't very
much shade there we were pretty much out
just on the beach for like seven hours
her picture here those are my legs I'm
not about to do that again I want to be
tan and like get tan but that kind of
ruined a lot of the trip for me because
I was in so much pain all day long wear
your wear your sunscreen ladies and
gents I can't believe this clears up
like I'm a senior now what like that
does not feel like real life to me I
still feel like I'm like 10 years old
okay so the next thing I'm gonna show
you
you are my bathing suits so I have this
one it's just a one-piece racerback
speedo bathing suit because I did swim
team so I like wearing tie bathing suits
and I've been praying that this would
get here on time Dan and I'm so grateful
this is a baby suit from Alvey on fit
that's so cute
[Music]
this is so cute what the heck oh yeah
I'm so excited so it's another one piece
this looks so good and it's just like
tan on the inside and it's got this
super cute like cross back here and I'll
try this one later but I'm so happy this
came in time so guys I just want to show
you really quick some of the jewelry
that I'm bringing to the beach because I
bought some like specifically for going
to the beach this is just a what's
called a Hawaiian polka necklace just
like shells and it's super cute I like
it these are also I these um boho wet
Hellena what um Hanna Melosh has these
necklaces or like one similar to it she
was my inspiration for buying these that
I have a couple golden s neck I can't
talk and then the seashell necklace
super cute and then I've got some I'll
bring these just pearl necklace it dude
what the heck these pearl earrings and
these gold studs and then some gold
hoops
I've got finished packing like hair
stuff and toiletries and different
things like that
it's in the fittings video guys I hope
you enjoyed if you did don't forget to
give it the video thumbs up and
subscribe down below I'm so excited for
the summer time it's finally here get
ready for some super exciting videos
thank you guys so much for watching I
love you so much and I'll see you next
Tuesday bye Mimi are be underneath the
farm
[Music]